Patch Notes

V1 10.11
1. Added a sky mesh
2. Added 4 complex terrain meshes
3. Added a basic lighting effect

V2 10.13
1. Added a controllable bird
2. Added a first person camera
3. Added a third person camera
4. Player now can free to fly£¨Arrow keys to control the position, WASD keys to control the direction£©

V3 10.26
1. Added a water mesh
2. Added an enemy: Wolf
3. Sky now has a simple rotation animation
4. Added the collision detection between the bird and the wolf
5. Wolf now has a simple running animation

V4 10.27
1. Added 3D Main Menu£¨1£¬2£¬3£¬4 to switch menu tab£¬Enter key to confirm£¬Backspace key to return£©
2. Added a simple yaw animation for 3D main menu
3. "Play" tab and "Exit" tab now can be interacted
4. Added a readme file for patch notes (in Chinese)

V5 10.28
1. Included the user interface overlay system "Gorilla"
2. Added UI system
3. Added the HUD for displaying current weapons£¨Use 1£¬2£¬3 keys to switch weapons in game£©
4. Added the HUD for mini map£¨The red "*" sign is indicating the current position of player£©
5. Added the HUD for status bar
6. Added the HUD for crosshair
7. Added the HUD for world coordinates and map names£¨Coordinates represent as£º x:0 + Offset of the real life longitude of the current map£¬y:0 + Offset of the real life latitude of the current map£©
8. Polished the texture for 3D main menu
9. Improve the features for 3D main menu£¨Maps can be switched by pressing arrow keys in 3D main menu£©
10. Water now has a simple waving animation
11. Change the name of the program in the title bar and sync the version number with it in Google Drive

V6 10.29
1. Added Tree Distribution system
2. Added plants for firn map (as fixed enemy object)
3. Added plants for desert map (as fixed enemy object)
4. Added plants for island map (as fixed enemy object)
5. Added a tent on desert map (as shelter building)
6. Added a castle on valley map (as shelter building)

V7 10.31
1. Included the collision detection system "New MOC"
2. Added the collision detection between player and terrain meshes (Still working in progress)
3. Shrink the size of game files£¨From 898MB£¬to 561MB)
4. Added a readme file for patch notes (in English)



V8
 11.4
1. Added an enemy: Crow
2. Crow now has a simple animation
3. Deleted Chinese Path Notes
4. Added a Todo List for better timeline organization

V9 11.6
1. Included the advanced Sound system "OpenAL"
2. Included the Ogre OpenAL adapter "Sound Manager"
3. Added Sound system
4. Added background music for main menu
5. Added wind ambient sound on all maps
6. Added humming bird tweet ambient sound on all maps
7. Added wave ambient sound on island map only
8. Added crow tweet ambient sound on desert map only
9. Crow now can patrol on a random path on desert map
10. Wolf now can patrol on a fixed path on firn map
11. Slightly optimized the Tree Distribution system for better fps
12. Added an weapon: Feather Arrow (not functioning yet)

V10 11.7
1. Added Sunset sky bounding dome for desert map
2. Added Cloudy sky bounding dome for valley map
3. Sunset sky now has simple animation
4. Cloudy sky now has simple animation

V11 11.10 
1. Added the HUD for displaying enemy information
2. Added a Replay function, now you do not need to restart the game every time to trigger test
3. You can now shoot the enemy with Feather Arrow
4. You can now melee attack the enemy with Beak
5. Beak attack now can damage enemies
6. Feather Arrow now can damage enemies
7. Status bar is now intractable
8. Crosshair now will turn to red along with enemy information displayed when a player's character is within a certain range, or a player's arrow is within a certain range
9. Added a loading screen in console before the game is rendered, a loading screen will help developers debugging the game

V12 11.15
1. Significant Performance Boost by all means (Before Optimization Average FPS: 30, After Optimization FPS: according to monitor's refresh rate)
2. Algorithm Optimization according to loading order (Tree Distribution System has more priority, Particle System has less, etc.)
3. Included shader programs, which is used dedicatedly to calculate Particle, Spline and Screen Space Effect systems
4. Added Particle System
5. Firn map now has a falling snow effect
6. A simple blood splash effect will be shown if you hit enemies by beak
7. Swapped the bounding sky dome between firn map and valley map for more realistic visualization
8. Added a Known Issues section at the end of the readme file for us to debug easily
9. Added order number to patch notes

V13 11.19
1. Optimized Tree Distribution System, now a linear equation can be used to determine tree positions
2. Added plants for valley map (as fixed enemy object)
3. Added pine mesh (green instead of white compare to snow pine)
4. You can now get injured by nearby plants (with UI feedback)
5. FPS Drop is fixed if you rotate the camera upward or downward, still not fixed when plenty of trees are in camera view range

V14 11.20
1. Overall Performance Boost, now the FPS won't drop when there are plenty of trees in the camera view range
2. Now you can not fly outside the bounding dome and below water on island, or below the minimum height of other maps

V15 11.23
1. Added a beacon on island map (as shelter building)
2. Added a house on firn map (as shelter building)
3. Fixed a bug that may prevent collision detection on valley and desert map from working properly
4. Optimized overall experience under locked 60 fps

V16 11.24
1. Added a fireball effect when shooting feather arrow
2. Added a solar wind effect when feather arrow hits the enemy
3. Fireball effect now has a arrow shooting sound effect
4. Solar wind effect now has a burning sound effect
5. Beak attack now has a stabbing sound effect
6. Snow is now falling towards wind direction instead of falling downward directly
7. Fixed a bug that may let feather arrow not showing properly in third person view
8. Fixed a bug that may let bird's wings not showing properly on valley, desert and island map in third person view
9. Fixed a bug that may prevent enemies from getting damaged by feather arrow attack

V17 11.25
1. Added collision detection between player and shelter buildings on different maps
2. You can now travel or teleport through the maps by collide with shelter buildings on each map (only open if you clear the enemies on that map)
3. Teleporting now has a sci-fi sound effect
4. Humming bird's wings are now animating under third person view
5. Credits' Menu is now can be displayed
6. Fixed the invisible texture bug of humming bird's wings
7. Fixed a bug that may prevent enemies from dying when their HP is below 0 when attacked by feather arrow
8. Accerlerate the overall rotation speed for some game objects under locked 60 fps
9. Feces weapon now is changed to Hysteria, it will be implemented in V18 or V19 respectively

V18 11.26
1. Added Night sky bounding dome for valley map
2. Night sky now has simple animation
3. Added Spline Particle Effect on valley map (as fireflies)
4. Added a HUD for Mission List below the mini map, now player should be clear about the objective on each map
5. Added mission status flags (can be switched between "DOING" and "CLEAR" depends on mission status)
6. Clear a mission will now trigger a mission success sound effect (as bell hits)
7. Flying near the plants on valley map will now have a warning sound effect

V19 11.28
1. Hysteria Drone weapon is now implemented (triggered by pressing number 3 key, only available under first person view)
2. A multi-color fire visual effect will be displayed around the drone under the first person view
3. Hysteria Drone now can damage enemies by detonating itself
4. Hysteria Drone is now having a buring operating sound effect
5. Hysteria Drone is now having a exploding detonation sound effect
6. Added HUD information for Hysteria Drone
7. Fixed a bug that will let a reference cube show up on the center of the screen on firn map

V20 11.29
1. The game now can be completed, by colliding with the beacon, it will jump to credits menu as an ending
2. Option Menu now can be displayed
3. You can now choose options under Option menu
4. The game now is on Beta stage and ready for the demo
5. Thanks for our hard working, we went gold!

Known Issues
1. Wolf Animation is bugged (need to fix)
2. Replay function is bugged (it's ok and should be deleted for demo version)
3. Enemies can still react to attack when they died
4. Running the game will have other application running will cause the frame rate drop, please close all other applications while running the game
